add feature+platform check (#903)
10up/classifai: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Props: update `CREDITS.md` file with any new contributors, confirm maintainers are accurate.
1. New files: Check to be sure any new files/paths that are unnecessary in the production version are included in `.gitattributes`.
1. Readme updates: Make any other readme changes as necessary in `README.md` and `readme.txt`.

> 1. Features + Platforms: If there is a new feature, new platform, or new intersection of the two then ensure that's added to the [Choose Your AI Platforms page](https://classifaiplugin.com/choose-your-platforms/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Features + Providers: If there is a new feature, new provider, or new intersection of the two then ensure that's added to our [documentation](https://github.com/10up/classifai/blob/develop/hookdocs/feature-provider-support.md) and the [Choose Your AI Platforms page](https://classifaiplugin.com/choose-your-platforms/).
```
